you
and I was your age they would say we
could become cops or criminals
what I'm saying is this when you're
facing a loaded gun what's the
difference this is not the regular place
this is the state please we are in elite
unit mr. so we're after Frank Costello
you won't be paid as a regular cop but
there's a bonus involved so what do I do
you will not ever know the identity
you'll undercover people you have anyone
in with Costello presently maybe Do You
Know Who I am
maybe not when I had my associates
search you that was quick
Bing is dead already we are all
convinced the customers at least one
mole inside the Special Investigations
Unit very part of my job I can't talk to
you about well you are trouble you don't
know the half of it
you better get organized quick hey last
time I checked I tipped you off and
you're not in jail get the feeling we
got a cop lady's gonna find out who I am
he's gonna kill me you just gotta let me
do it my way if you don't it won't be me
who pays
there was elites in the inside it's real
man smoking out
[Music]
lying to me there are things you don't
want to know about
what are you waiting for if you wanted
to chop me up and feed me the poor is
that what you guys
[Music]
how's your mother she's on her way else
y'all are act accordingly